My name is Jair Gilland from the Its Student Service Desk, and I'll be discussing the It or information technology resources available to you. As an incoming Penn State student, I'll be referring to many websites and services that are all linked on our homepage at Harrisburg psu.edu forward slash Its, so you don't need to worry about remembering all the individual websites we discuss. This information is also available via a Tech Talk video with in the Githelp box on our homepage. Looking at our website, you will find three sections its services, locations and office hours. Githelp and Technology services. At the top of our page, you will find different options for contacting Penn State Harrisburg Its. Please note that our operational hours will change each semester in accordance with classes. The Githelp section offers multiple resources for frequently asked questions. The technology section offers quick access to PSU Penn State University technology services. For additional information on support options, select Online Support. You will find our phone number, support locations, support options, and hours of operations. Our main student Its service desk is located in the basement of the Olmstead building. We also have a location in the library. Our support options include onsite hours which allow you to work directly with a student team member to resolve any technological issues you may be having. Note that you must bring your Penn State ID card or some other form of photo ID. Our 24/7 phone support options are managed by our local student team and colleagues at the University Park Its service desk. Our online chat support option is zoom. Make sure your Penn State ID card and webcam are ready for verification when you join the session. The Its Service Request option allows you to submit a service request for us to view. We ask that you include as much detail as possible as you can regarding the problem you're experiencing. Include the type of computer you have and any error messages you received. The more information you can provide us with, the quicker we can provide a resolution. It can also be helpful to include a screenshot of any errors or prompts that you have questions about. This slide includes all sites listed on the Harrisburg Its homepage and on the Tech Talk video. Feel free to take a picture of the screen for reference later. Starting with Knowledge and Training Service psu.edu is a self help It knowledge base created by the University. Also, as a student, you have an abundance of trading options available to you. LinkedIn Learning is a site where you can watch educational videos to further enhance your knowledge. After completing a trading, you can add the certificate of completion directly to your LinkedIn profile. Security psu.edu is a site that gives out warnings about cybersecurity threats directed at Penn State and allows for reporting of an incident and information on security policies. With the Security Training It psu.edu Student Connect Two Tech is a site that offers technology resources essentials and information such as Penn State laptop recommendations moving on to Services Accounts psu.edu allows you to manage your Penn State account information, such as your name, email, phone number and password. Verify that your phone number and email address are accurate as they are recovery Methods should your account become locked, know your password. However, if you need to reset it, it can be done here. Do not share your password with anyone, including family members, as this will lead to your account being locked. MFA or multi factor authentication is required and allows your account to be more secure. Have a backup option added, such as your phone number, in the event of something happening to your MFA app, or you switch to a new device. To verify you have a backup method for authenticating, go to Accounts psu.edu Forward slash MFA, then select Manage My Devices. The backup method can be your phone number, an authenticator app on a separate device, or a Fido two security key. Starfish allows you to schedule meetings with your professors and advisors. Canvas is Penn State's online system for teaching and learning. You'll be using Canvas frequently during your time here at Penn State for classes, assignments and grades. LionPATH allows you to register for classes, pay your tuition, view grades for past courses, and get financial aid. Paw Prints allows you to print around campus. Penn State uses Wepa Printers, which allow you to download an app and print from your phone, laptop, or Penn State devices. Moving on to Information PSU Alerts allows you to receive text and or email alerts for your events, such as school closings and other emergency information. You can sign up for Alerts at PSU alert psu.edu forward slash PSU Alert mobile psu.edu is a site that directs you to go download the PSU Go app, which allows you to access a multitude of university services right on your cell phone through one single app. Next, we're going to talk about managing your account's access through LionPATH. You can set up Delegated Access, which allows parents, guardians or other individuals to view specific student data. Information on how to do this can be found at Lionpathsupport psu.edu FAQs Student FAQs Access or by searching in the ServiceNow Knowledge Base. Those granted delegated access can sign in using Public LionPATH. psu.edu. In addition, you can set up a Payee account through My Finances, then manage My account so parents or guardians have access to the payment portal and can make tuition payments. Moving on to Wireless PSU WiFi requires a secure W two client to be installed for Windows laptops, a profile for Mac and iOS, and a manual configuration for Android or Linux devices. Instructions can be found at wireless psu.edu. If you live in the residence halls, gaming consoles, streaming media devices, smart TVs and speakers such as Echo and Alexa must be connected using Roomgear Wi Fi. Please note there are no wired connections in the residence halls, so all devices must support a wireless connection. No wireless printers are permitted on Roomgear network. To set this up, please go to roomgear psu.edu finally software. As a Penn State student, you have access to the Microsoft 365 apps in OneDrive storage. Additional software can be found at software. psu.edu and weblabs psu.edu. If you have any questions or need to reach us, check out our support options and services available at harrisburg psu.edu forward slash its we also strongly encourage you to view our Tech Talk video for additional details of the technology available to you as a student. Thank you and have a good day.